How many times have I seen the cherry blossoms?
Petals are dancing in the wind and scattering.
Whenever this season comes around,
For some reason, I feel so wistful.
Is it the season of endings?
Or is it the season of beginnings?
When I look back later,
Everything will be a "rewrite" of memories.
The one thing I'll never forget is
That spring day when I met you.
Only the graduation photo knows,
I loved you, I loved you, I loved you, I loved you—
How much I loved you.
If only I had confessed back then,
Would you be by my side now?
In our last classroom,
you were taking selfies with everyone on your phone,
Saying, "Our youth has come to an end."
I still remember that.
Each of our lives splits into countless paths,
But back then, without knowing anything, I waved goodbye,
I never thought that would be our real goodbye...
Every time I open the graduation photo,
Even now, even now, even now, even now,
My heart feels tight.
In the third row on the left, you're smiling.
Even now, I still love you.
Only the graduation photo knows,
I loved you, I loved you, I loved you, I loved you—
How much I loved you.
If only I had confessed back then,
Would you be by my side now?
From back then until now, yeah, yeah,
Nothing has changed, yeah, yeah.
I'll love you forever, yeah, yeah.
"Even though I loved you too..."